.\" man page for ufdbgclient
.TH UFDBGCLIENT "1" "28/5/2018" "Release 1.33" "Release 1.33"
.\"
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
\fBufdbgclient\fR \- a helper for ufdbguardd
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP 9
\fBufdbgclient\fR [\fI-l <logdir>\fR] [\fI-S <servername>\fR] [\fI-p <port>\fR] [\fI-C\fR | \fI-m <number-of-threads>\fR]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBufdbgclient\fR is a helper between squid and ufdbguardd.
The only purpose of ufdbgclient is to pass URL rewriter requests
from squid to the ufdbguardd daemon and pass the results back.
.PP
\fBufdbgclient\fR is normally not called from the command line
but directly by squid.
.PP
There exists an extensive Reference Manual for \fBufdbGuard\fR
with sections for installation and configuration.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-l <logdir>\fR
specify in which directory the log file \fIufdbgclient.log\fR will be stored.
.TP
\fB-S <servername>\fR
if ufdbguardd does not run on the same system, specify the hostname of the server.
.TP
\fB-p <port>\fR
specify the port number (default: 3977) where ufdbguardd listens to ufdbgclient.
.TP
\fB-m <number-of-threads>\fI
tell ufdbgclient that the Squid parameter \fIconcurrency\fR is set.
ufdbgclient will process the requests simulatneously using 
\fI<number-of-threads>\fR threads.
.TP 
\fB-C\fI
tell ufdbgclient that the Squid parameter \fIconcurrency\fR is set.
ufdbgclient will queue the requests.
It is recommended to use -m instead of -C.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
ufdbguardd(1), ReferenceManual_1_33.pdf, 
\fIhttp://www.urlfilterdb.com/en/downloads/documentation.html\fR.
.SH "AUTHOR"
The developers of URLfilterDB \- http://www.urlfilterdb.com
